Personal Projects Under Development:
1."AceAlBastoni" project
This is a personal software project that designed and developed from the scratch by “Mohamed AbdElHamid” to send 600k message a day, I use it for other personal purposes as sending my CV, manages a group of my different drive accounts and sometimes I use it to increase viewers for a video, advertisement or others.
The project is bigger than just sending a message, advertisement, emails, links or attached files  to 600 K person a day; But the project also has a technique I developed for addressing many email addresses that  returned with rejection, puts them in a local Spreadsheet called (removed), which is located on the sender account drive (participant) and finally puts them in a public Database contains invalid emails in order not to send them again at any time to keep the quota limits per day for every free participant account.
And also presents a chart using "Google Visualization API" and "Google Charts API" through which the data states are represented accurately and more readable way.
As well as, “AceAlBastoni” project applies The statistical natural distribution theory on the count of the new Email Addresses which is registered for the first time on the system every day compared to the last thirty days to show the noticeable shortage (W-||W--||W---) and the noticeable increase (W+||W++||W+++) as anomalies cases; also it Represents the Normal count of the new registered email addresses compared to the last thirty days counts as ("N"). All this is applied through statistical equations related to standard deviation, mean, and median.
At the point view of the programmer or programmatically; the power of this project is that I used the advanced programming concepts such as Concurrency, Multithreading and synchronization of the Distributed systems or services; synchronization is used to avoid the "Race condition" problem which is well-known in Computer science. 
It may take place when multiple threads working in a parallel on a shared resources; if they accesses it roughly in the same time; such as the “public Database” or The Public spreadsheet that located on the layer 2 in that my own design for "AceAlBastoni" project.
As the synchronization operations slows a little bit down the execution process, that results increasing the execution time of the program because of the exaggerated locking on the shared resources –which is Public Database or Public Spreadsheet on “AceAlBastoni” Project- and for other reasons related to the security reasons; I designed the project to enforce each participant project to create a local spreadsheet or DB automatically on its first Run. then, the participants registers or sets the metadata of its new created local spreadsheets  in a public (metadata_spreadsheet) which is located  on layer Two; meaning that it is accessed from all the participants projects. The (metadata_spreadsheet) is specifically created by the admin to contains the metadata of the locals (id, name, URL, creationDate, participant).
It also uses the most features supported in ECMAScript 6; but so far the front end has not been built completely specifically for promises objective. Although the project was written using JavaScript, it works in backend side as it is executed remotely on Google servers using “Google Apps Script” technology.
The Participants it is the name I referred it in the documentation, but each of them is just my personal account I use it for its free editor that represents the real environment which runs my cod on google servers using GAS [Google apps script].

